What happens when four russians are stuck
in a cable car with nowhere to escape well
just kidding but in this video we follow these
five characters as always we scrutinize their
behavior gently point out their mistakes and
impose our humble but most definitely superior
opinions upon them god have mercy nastrowje
our characters are these people right here
we got katja and kirill a dysfunctional couple
because that's what every survival movie needs
she is pregnant with his baby but he doesn't
know because she will break up with him after
the holiday at least that's her goal the
plan that her boyfriend has on the other hand
is basically bribing a cable car operator to get
to the mountaintop to celebrate new year's eve in
a special kind of fashion which is kind of a weird
thing to do no i mean i can't imagine anything
worse than freezing my butt off while looking at
the blurry fireworks through the clouds beneath
not to mention the way up and the way
back down is just a waste of time really
As they get to the gondola station they walk
through it as if this was their grandma's chalet
which makes me wonder how that's possible but
then i remember that they're in russia so i don't
think we should question these things anyway the
operator denies them access claiming the station
has been closed for over an hour now and new year
is only an hour away this upsets our characters
because they have made a deal with them weeks ago
as things start to get messy dennis this guy and
by the way the only reasonable person around here
takes the operator to the side and convinces him
to let them go as they are about to take
off kirill realizes that he has lost his bag
he decides to stay back but his girlfriend katya
remains inside the cabin at this point let me
introduce it to the other 3 characters otherwise
we might miss the chance if you know what i mean
this is dennis as mentioned the only reasonable
person around his girlfriend vika and mikhail
undoubtably the most annoying person here as they
move upwards he keeps hitting on katya which if i
were her would push me to 619 outside the gondola
no joke they pop the first bottles of champagne
and start to warm up after all it's new year's
eve but just a few moments later the gondola gets
stuck before we continue here let me point out the
obvious how are they going to get back down anyway
i mean they brought skis in snowboards which
implies they will ski back down right fair
enough i mean there are many places where you can
safely ski down after sunset however as we see
they aren't on an ordinary ski lift right they're
literally in a cable car going up very steep
to get down again just with skis and snowboards
seems to require an incredible amount of skill and
luck because you cannot control the weather and
without the moon it would be pitch dark up here
meaning just one cloud or one storm and you will
be stuck up there anyway i guess the point that
i'm making is that even if they arrived up
there getting back down again without the
cable car seems to be almost impossible the cable
car seems to trespass miles up on miles so unless
the slopes are highlighted forget getting back
down again before sunrise i mean look at this
everyone who has been skiing knows that these
outages tend to happen and when they happen
they usually last for just a few minutes at a
time however the guy we bribed before is a very
responsible person because he stayed back and
fixed the problem just in time at the same time
our characters find the backpack of Kirill and
inside they find more bottles of champagne great
and to the surprise of katya an engagement
ring but that's not the weird thing okay
the weird thing is the parachute i mean i have
no idea what these people plan to do up there but
i am very confused however we now know at
least why Kirill insisted on finding the
backpack before entering the cable car katya
too feels a bit bad about the situation she
thought that he was just making a scene back
at the station but finding the ring she now
understands the importance of the lost backpack
we cut to the cable car operator who enters
the basement to check on the malfunction from
before and oh boy isn't this final destination
great his dangling keys got stuck in the machinery
and he strangled himself there are worse ways to
die but this is very bad and now our characters
are stuck for good okay the good thing about
being stuck in a cable car is that you are in
a confined space it isn't an airtight space so
coldness will still enter but at least it isn't
all too windy which makes it much more comfortable
and safe in the long run the bad thing
though is that cable cars are usually much
much further away from the ground than ordinary
ski lifts which makes an escape very difficult
the biggest threat as always in freezing
environments is hypothermia which as you know
kicks in when the body loses heat faster
than it can produce the lack of food sleep
and appropriate clothing all boost the risk
of hypothermia but luckily our characters all
wear pretty decent winter clothing but let us
have a look at what a real life scenario says
people get stuck in cable cars all the time if
you look up the news this stuff almost happens
weekly normally however you don't bribe officials
and use these gondolas outside service hours right
in 2016 for instance a hundred and ten people
were stuck in multiple gondolas above mont blanc
which if you didn't know is the highest peak in
europe good luck out of these 110 people only a
few dozen could be rescued all others had to
spend the night up there and they were not
freezing to death now that doesn't mean it was
comfortable but it does mean nobody died meaning
to spend the night up there doesn't mean you will
freeze to death instantly but what does it mean
for our characters well it means that if you can't
reach out to anyone which they can't because their
phones can't connect then waiting in doubt is the
single best option you have the mistake they make
though is they party and vibe with their bottles
of champagne granted why not it's new year's
eve and you don't have anything better to do but
drinking alcohol in this situation is a bad idea
you see despite the warm feeling you get after
drinking alcohol what it actually does is cooling
down your body temperature even further now this
would be a fatal mistake the best thing to do is
sit tight together zip up your jackets for god's
sake and try to get a mobile connection going the
days aren't the problem you will hardly die from
hypothermia during these the biggest issues are
the nights and if you happen to be stuck up there
for more than three days then starvation enters
the chat our characters wake up completely hung
over which if you ask me is another good reason
to avoid alcohol in this situation Dennis went
on top of the gondola to check out the situation
unlike ski lifts cable cars traverse much longer
distances making it difficult to reach any of
the towers these gondolas usually pass but
whatever you do okay this is not a good idea
standing on top of a frozen metal surface
looking 100 meters down into death itself
should be avoided if you can meanwhile
vikka found an emergency torch and is
screaming for help now say what you want
about her screaming but she was the only
person that actually went through
the cabin to find helpful items
and these torches are very useful at the same
time the two babushkas have entered their shift
complaining about why they have to work today
they don't seem too enthusiastic about their job
can't blame them everyone who has been to
countries with very low wages know how painful
it is to deal with any sort of authority it's
just frustrating often offices are closed and
you don't even know why and neither do they tell
you nor do they themselves know when their service
is up again and this is exactly what happens here
as well both babushkas question why the cable cars
aren't working but are quick to brush it off
as they sit down to enjoy their russian salad
i mean briatnova at the same time we cut to Kirill
the only reasonable hope our characters have left
waking up with a hangover as well he receives a
call from his mother and tells her that he will
be coming home today not being able to see any of
his friends nor his girlfriend makes him even more
angry about last night's situation meanwhile our
characters find a harness and a very lengthy rope
they plan to get down vertically and escape the
mountain with their skis and snowboards fair
play but executed completely wrong now they fasten
the rope on the railing while dennis our main guy
straps on the harness and fixates the rope around
his torso the other three characters will guide
the rope slowly to grant him a safe journey
as he's going down he drops his snowboard to
prepare for his jump the snowboard however causes
a huge avalanche to go loose discovering a massive
crevasse realizing that there is no chance for him
to escape like that he tries to communicate the
event to the others up above however all of them
are busy giving him more and more rope none of
them observed dennis way down which of course is
a huge mistake two people would have been enough
to control the rope while one other person would
stand by above the opening observing dennis while
also guiding the rope that way if necessary
they could have just pulled him swiftly up
and we would not have lost a valuable member of
the team because that is exactly what happens
now dennis almost falls causing mikhail to lose
control and drop through the opening as well
at the same time the railing breaks loose
and injures vikka in the process both guys
are about to die but mikhail the one above pulls
out his knife and swiftly cuts through the rope
underneath causing dennis to fall into his death
now what seems to be very insensitive and cruel
is something that actually happens often when
professional mountain climbers cross crevasses
if someone falls and there is no chance of pulling
that person back up often the only solution is
cutting them off in any way it's three people left
not only did we lose the most reasonable person
but the gondola is now also susceptible to extreme
coldness entering through the massive opening
the first thing i would do at this point is
using the snowboards and all else i can find
to block these openings from cooling down the
cabin once this is done i will check on vikka
and then i suppose it's wait for better days now
as vikka is badly injured and katya is taking good
care of her a helicopter sounded tones from
afar they climb on top of the gondola to wave
for help now katya grabs the torches lights them
up and screams for rescue the helicopter though
has already turned around and is flying away if
there was a chance for help i guess this was it
now mikhail of course becomes very angry and
assaults her in the process she almost falls
and the only opening back to the gondola shuts
itself causing both of them to be locked outside
meanwhile we cut to kirill who is leaving to the
airport now even though he is very angry with
his friends the point that he can't reach them
after they have illegally climbed the mountain
should ring the bells no if he's really concerned
he should have just swallowed his ego and go
check on them now we cut back to the gondola
where mikhail is becoming more and more a problem
he's screaming at katya blaming her
for virtually everything and then
even forcing her into a very risky stunt a
fight breaks out at the same time the screws
spring loose and the whole construction gets
unstable now with a lot of luck katja makes it in
and of course locks him out at the same time
he grows even more angry and eventually falls
into his death as well one problem less i think
it's safe to say that now he's gone the chances
of survival are quite a bit better now kirill who
has arrived at the airport at this moment tries
to reach out to his friends one last time when he
calls the hotel he finds out that his friends have
never checked in resulting in him realizing that
something must have happened he calls a taxi and
is now on his way back now meanwhile katya the
sole survivor so far is slowly freezing to death
she realizes that her friend vika has sadly passed
away but because of that she's able to recover her
jacket and at least can get some warmth back she
isolates the cabin as good as possible and tries
to light a fire with the items and paper she
finds and it works but at the same time a loose
structure bumps into the window again and again
causing the window to give away cracking noises
in my opinion you should hear that loud bang
and act accordingly the last thing you want is
a broken window a second after you have lighted
the fire and that is exactly what happens at this
point as harsh as it seems but you should strip
off your dead friend's clothing and put on layers
up on layers onto you the more layers the better
katya is giving up hope okay she takes out her
phone and starts recording her last message to the
world and Kirill meanwhile kirill who ended up in
a traffic jam somehow decides to go for a casual
run through the blizzard to rescue his love he
eventually arrives at the foot of the mountain and
tries to convince the snow groomer to get him up
he at first declines but eventually agrees after
he has seen how serious kirill is now while they
are getting up the mountain katya is struggling
to stay alive at this point it's getting serious
the loose structures caused by mikhail's outburst
from before are even more unstable now causing the
gondola to almost fall for good as she seemingly
falls into her death Kirill arrives at the gondola
station and realizes that his friends are
probably dead he understands that without
him bribing the official at the beginning
of this movie this would not have happened
and before we think the movie is over we cut one
last time to katya who has surprisingly survived
she somehow survives as long as necessary until
Kirill and a team of rescuers come to save her
in the end she was the only person to survive
and something tells me that she probably won't go
skiing again anytime soon and there was this movie
for this week now this wasn't the perfect how to
beat example uh i want to apologize for that i
hope you could still enjoy that we got an updated
plan coming in next week so stay tuned for that
and uh yeah looking forward to see you again peace